Started Final Report (#33)
mickychetta/speed-miners: docs/final.md

### Observations
Our observations are given to us within the `ObservationsFromGrid` tag in the `get_mission_xml()` function and the `get_observation()` function. Our observations are given to us in the form of a multi dimensional numpy array. Our observation grid represents the 2 x 5 x 5 area surrounding the agent. The observation space that we feed to the trainer is made to differentiate between the different types of ores, as well as blocks we want to avoid like lava. We use these numerical values to represent the different blocks in the observation space:
```
self.blocks_dict = {
            "redstone_ore": 1,
            "coal_ore": 2,
            "emerald_ore": 3,
            "iron_ore": 4,
            "gold_ore": 5,
            "diamond_ore": 6,
            "lava": -1,
            "flowing_lava": -1
        }
```
Any other block is represented as a 0.

### Actions
Our agent's actions will consist of discrete movements, including turning left, turning right, moving forward, jumping and moving forward, and attacking. This will be represented by our action dictionary.

### Rewards

> Our agent will be rewarded for mining a variety of materials, including: diamond, gold, iron, emerald, coal, redstone. Higher valued ores will be more scarce within our grid. Lapis will not be represented on our resource list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our agent will be rewarded for mining a variety of materials, including: diamond, gold, iron, emerald, coal, redstone. Higher valued ores will be more scarce within our grid. It should be noted that mining some ores results in collecting more than 1 of the associated resource. For example, mining 1 redstone ore block results in 5 redstones collected. The rewards below indicate the reward for each individual resource collected.
```

Reviewer: I took out the sentence about lapis since we don't generate any lapis blocks anyway

| Materials | Rewards | Density |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Diamond | 6 | 2% |
| Gold | 5 | 7% |
| Iron | 4 | 10% |
| Emerald | 3 | 13% |
| Coal | 2 | 17% |
| Redstone | 0.1 | 25% |

> 

Reviewer 2: add lava density, base it off https://github.com/mickychetta/speed-miners/pull/34
